How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It will tell you the line that has the difference in without the need to go through the whole codes yourself.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can return back and compare between a previously working code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You can see the history of your work, to see the difference.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because there's no need for dublicate files in the same folder.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I have no idea.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You'll know that you can return back to the point were everything was working fine.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Creating my own app on it.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    By going further and being able to reflect back to the things that have changed through time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
 vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Creating manual commits helps in organizing and arranging the history in a more logical and useful way.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
 like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because they are related to each other, and they are crucial for the repository to work.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    By accessing the different versions of the program, and using the git diff to compare two different versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    By being able to go back to any version of the code that was working properly.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    My Android Apps from now on.